#!title=May 2015
#!path=experiments/$
#!use-template=writing
#!order=2

The goal for this may is to converge to the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slow-Carb_Diet">slow carb diet</a>. Specifically, my goal is to enjoy a few (but finite) number of sweet things on friday and saturday. On friday, only allow some carbs but no explicit sugars. Then, monday through wednesday I will have no carbs beyond what is allowed on the slow carb diet. On thursday, I'll allow myself some carbs in the form of asian noodles.

My goal is to try to balance a bit of joy with a bit of intensity. I found the slow carb diet too intense when I was exercising, and this threw me off course. The ravenous hunger after seven miles consumed me. If I can satisfy the intense hunger and desires on thursday through sunday without over indulgence, then maybe I can endure three days.

# 5/12 Update

Today was a bit rough, and I went off the reservation. Namely, there were butterscotch sandies available. They were amazing. This was probably triggered due to having some barley soup. I also had a bit of froyo, but not enough since it was either really slow or it ran out.

# 5/14 Update

I was hoping to avoid eating carbs today, but it is 2:00am. I'm tired as heck, and I'm hungry. So, I had some of the emergency carbs I keep on hand for this reason.

I have experienced diet related insomnia before, but it wasn't as bad last week. Now, it's pretty bad. 

I'll try to behave the rest of the day.

This is hard, and it's only three days.

# 5/31 Update

Let's just say that I messed up, and I failed the last two weeks. I have nothing to say to defend myself.
